Previously,
on "Sons of Anarchy"...
Charming don’t trust me,
Jimmy.
I can smell it on ’em.
And McGee?
I don’t know if he’s got
the heart for this.
I don’t need heart!
I need gut and brains!
There’s my girls.
You want to tell me
why you gave my girl
the money to bail me out?
We got a lot in common, Hector.
We both lost someone ’cause
of the Sons of Anarchy.
We both want
that debt settled.
What do you want from me?
I want to give you
two grand now, two later,
for a few hours of your time.
Son of a bitch!
What are you doing?
You tell the Sons nobody
messes with the Mayans.
I’ll hand-deliver
Jimmy O’Phelan.
And what do you want?
My son, my mother,
and my club.
And what makes you think
that I would actually believe
that the prince
would turn rat?
My club finds out,
I am dead.
It’s Maureen Ashby.
Cammy Hayes took
your grandson.
What?
Abel’s in Belfast.
My son, he knows nothing
about John and Belfast.
- Nor does my Triny.
- Gemma: Who’s Triny?
Maureen: Trinity, my daughter.
Gemma: What does she
have to do with John?
Maureen:
You don’t know, do you?
Maureen said you have my son.
Your son was in danger.
Jimmy is a grave threat
to both our families.
You kill Jimmy O’Phelan,
and I promise
I will make sure
Abel goes home
in the arms
of his loving family.
Come on, Jax,
I’ll take you back.
I’ll walk.
I need some time alone.
Aye.
Slam the door
on your way out.
[phone ringing]
Hello?
Jax:
You ever hear
of Kellan Ashby?
- Are you in Belfast?
- Jax: Yeah.
And I’m guessing
that’s where Gemma is.
I had no idea
that was going down.
Escaping custody
is another federal charge.
We can talk
about that shit later.
Kellan Ashby.
He’s a priest.
What do you know about him?
He’s a friend
to the Army, right?
More than a friend.
He’s a shot caller.
I need to know
everything about him.
Why?
He’s got Abel.
And he wants me to kill
Jimmy to get him back.
You listen to me.
Jimmy O dies,
so does our deal.
I need you to deliver
him to me alive.
I know.
I’ll figure it out.
Just get me some
intel on the priest.
Yeah, I’m just gonna
handle it tomorrow, okay?
Okay.
Who was that?
Uh, it was Estevez.
He needs some field docs
that I don’t have with me.
[shower running]
♪ And I lost my crown ♪
♪ When it hit the ground ♪
♪ With an almighty thud ♪
♪ I went to pick it up ♪
♪ But revealed ♪
♪ My weaknesses to the crowd ♪
♪ And I lost my home ♪
♪ When I lost my throne ♪
♪ To a successor ♪
♪ With far more
expansive plans ♪
♪ Than I ever did ♪
♪ I abdicated ♪
Clay:
So, what do we know?
Kellan says he moved Abel
out of Belfast
to protect him
from Jimmy.
Why?
What does Jimmy
want with Abel?
Leverage against
what Kellan wants from us–
Jimmy dead.
Apparently, he’s become
a problem for the Army.
Then we kill Jimmy.
- It’s not that simple.
- Yeah, it is.
No, it isn’t!
Look, everything
they say is–
it’s, like, smoky truth.
I don’t trust them.
I don’t trust their priest.
The only thing
we know for sure
is he wants Jimmy.
So we find Jimmy,
trade him for Abel.
I think that’s
the only thing
that makes sense.
We can’t kill O’Phelan.
Should I bring SAMBEL
up to speed on this?
No. As far as they know,
we want Jimmy
to grill him about Abel.
Let’s just
leave it at that.
Belfast has a protection run
this afternoon.
Gun shipment.
McGee told me
that Jimmy will be at
the pickup in Dungloe.
Opie:
Then so are we.
I’m sorry, guys.
I had no idea what
I was walking you into.
Shit going on down here...
Clay:
You’d better crash
for a few hours.
It’s gonna be another
fun-filled day
in the six counties.
You coming, baby?
Be there in a minute.
This feels
all wrong to me.
Who the hell
are these people?
Using a baby like
a goddamn poker chip.
It’s not just them, Mom.
This happened because
we deal guns with the Irish.
Let’s not kid ourselves
we’re the victims here.
Maybe that, um,
profound awareness helps
relieve your guilt,
but now is not the time
for soul-searching.
You focus on
the hate you need to kill
all these Irish pricks.
♪ Riding through this world ♪
♪ All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul ♪
♪ You’re on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight ♪
♪ A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil’s bed ♪
♪ Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this world ♪
♪ In the eye ♪
You got no idea
who did this?
Fighter, trainer?
Lumpy:
No.
I know you ain’t got
much use for me,
but clearly SAMCRO
ain’t able to
protect you no more.
You got to give me
something, Lump,
or I’m gonna have to
go by the book.
Talk to your employees,
search lockers,
check INS status.
Okay.
Okay, I get it.
The guy was a Mexican.
Told me not to mess
with the Mayans.
All right.
You hang in there.
Piney:
Holy shit, Lump,
what happened?
Let him rest.
Think you guys
have helped enough.
Lump told Unser
it was the Mayans.
It wasn’t Darby,
return visit?
Mayans? Why the hell would
Alvarez shit on the deal?
’Cause it’s in his nature.
It’s over, fellas.
Even with insurance...
too much–
too much damage.
I got to sell.
It’s got to be
the same guys
that hired Darby
that put the Mexicans
up to it.
All right, let’s go visit
our angry white friend.
- Oh, hey, Doc.
- Hi.
I’ll catch up with you.
Okay.
Hey, we heard
from the guys–
they got
to Belfast okay.
Why don’t you say it
a little louder?
A few people in the E.R.
didn’t hear you.
I’m not talking to you,
shithead.
Hey, easy.
Well, thank you
for letting me know.
Yeah.
Come on.
You do realize one of us
is gonna end up dead, right?
I’m counting on it.
McGee:
What’s this about?
We want in
on the Dungloe run.
That’s a short list,
brother.
Can’t be taking bread
off our tables.
We don’t need a cut.
We just want
to talk to Jimmy.
Jax:
Look, Kellan didn’t shed
enough light on my kid.
Just that Jimmy
might be involved.
We know he’s gonna be
at the other end
of this pickup in Dungloe.
Some sort of power beef
going down in the Army ranks.
I don’t know what it is,
but we got to dance around it.
We can’t piss off Jimmy,
we can’t piss off Ashby.
Jax:
You guys okay with that?
You need a vote?
Liam:
We don’t need a vote.
Be good for you
California lads to see
what we go through
to put bread on your table.
All right, well,
I’ll call Dungloe,
let them know.
Well, well, well,
ask and ye shall receive.
What are you doing here?
I heard about the old Jew.
Check it out.
Come here. Come on in.
Hey, you mind
giving us a minute?
Tig:
Sit down, Darby.
So what do you want?
Well, what happened
to your pretty face?
Chemical accident.
What kind of chemicals
you find in a porn studio?
Listen, whatever
you guys think that
I did, you’re wrong.
Ask around,
I’m out of the game.
All right.
Somebody, last night,
broke into Lumpy’s gym
and nearly
beat him to death.
We know you were
there yesterday.
Yeah, I went there.
But I wasn’t the one
who worked him over
last night.
Well, then who did?
I don’t know.
That’s why I came
to see him.
Oh, so you’re
feeling guilty?
Are we done here?
No, we’re not.
Who put you
to task on Lumpy?
You wouldn’t believe me
if I told you.
And you couldn’t prove it
if you wanted to.
Jacob Hale sent Darby
to muscle Lumpy
into selling his gym.
That’s it.
Darby couldn’t
finish the job,
but someone did,
and Hale initiated.
And you’re here
telling me this,
’cause you want me
to do what?
I don’t know.
Uh, cop shit.
Uh, uh, look into it.
Look into arresting the guy
who’s family’s
been trying to shut down
the MC for two decades.
That’s a little
convenient, ain’t it?
This ain’t about
our beef with the Hales.
No, it’s about
the word of two felons
against the guy who’s
gonna be our next mayor.
How do you think
that plays out?
We-we are telling you,
it wasn’t the Mayans
that wrecked Lumpy.
We got witnesses,
saw a motorcycle
flee the scene.
Harley, ape-hangers.
That what Hale’s
riding these days?
[knocking at door]
Line two, chief.
If you’ll excuse me,
I got some "cop shit"
I got to do.
Absolutely.
Hey, I got through
to Alvarez.
He swears the Mayans
had nothing to do with it.
Yeah, we know.
What other
Harley-riding Mexican
have got something to gain
by putting it on the Mayans?
Salazar.
Aye, it’s done.
SAMCRO coming on the run.
They think
it was their idea.
Good.
Let’s get it done
right this time.
Stay on 14.
You’ll find some pissers
near the border.
You pass through,
Clay and his boys
will be detained.
Look, these
Charming boys are smart.
They know
something’s going on.
Pay off the coppers,
make a show of it.
SAMCRO won’t
suspect anything.
Aye.
I’ll see you at the farm.
Arrange things at the barn.
Are you sure about this,
brother?
This could set off
a chain of events
that we may not
be able to contain.
Aye.
It’ll get done.
Father Kellan.
- How are you?
- Filip.
We have a few
Italian priests visiting.
I thought it might be best
if Michael
kept his eye on them here
for a few hours.
Of course.
Good lad.
Thank you, father.
Hi, darling.
Be careful.
Always.
Hey.
It’s all right, sweetheart.
I’m just going to
give these Irish boys
an escort.
I’ll be back later.
Okay.
Okay?
Love you, Dad.
I love you, baby.
You look out
for your ma.
Have a safe run.
Hope you find what
you’re looking for.
Mrs. Teller.
Father.
♪ Staring death in the face ♪
♪ We’ve determined
it’s the end ♪
♪ Here we stand ♪
♪ Poorest of them all ♪
♪ No one cares ♪
♪ But my three friends ♪
♪ Back it up again ♪
♪ We grow stronger ♪
♪ Oh, oh ♪
♪ And through our weakness ♪
♪ We grow stronger ♪
Clay:
Are you kidding me
with this shit?
Is this legit?
Aye.
Near the Republic border.
It’s routine.
Money will get us through.
Liam:
We’ve got some American
brothers visiting.
Aye, we’re good.
Send them through.
All right, truck, move.
We’ll pass through first.
And they’ll check your IDs.
Shouldn’t be a problem.
What the hell do we do now?
He paid them off.
Yeah, but for what?
Let’s find out.
Let’s go.
Hold it.
Hold up.
IDs. IDs, let’s go.
Where are you headed?
Coast.
Got a charter
up in Dungloe.
Go on, then.
Shite.
They’re getting through.
Get moving.
Go on.
Hey.
Thanks for handling that.
Aye.
It’s all good, brother.
Can I go down to the shop,
hang with Trinity?
No.
You stay up here.
Why? Afraid someone’s
gonna shoot me?
Don’t you brash me.
If you go down to the shop,
Triny’ll have you
stocking shelves.
Come on. We’ll go into her room
and set you up with some movies,
love.
Ooh, I remember that age.
I’d have a rod taken to my ass
if I talked like that to my ma.
Good old days.
You were right.
Me going to Chibs
in Charming set this
all in motion.
Sometimes the heart
beats the head.
Aye.
What do you know
about Kellan Ashby?
This is bad, Donny.
- Shit!
- Sit down, Casey.
Fiona:
Mother Mary.
Find the girl.
What the hell
are you doing, Jimmy?
Setting things right.
[silenced gunshot]
Shit!
[screams]
[Kerrianne sobbing]
You’ve burned it now, Jimmy.
Kellan practically
raised those brothers.
They are like sons to him.
Well, now he can bury
one of them, yeah?
Let’s go.
We’re not going with you.
Do I have to kill another
one, Fi, to show you
how much I love you?
I’m taking my family home.
Ma...
Okay.
Okay. No more blood.
Come on, sweetheart.
It’ll be all right.
My stuff.
I-I left my iPod
in the bedroom.
Donny, would you be
so kind as to retrieve
my lovely stepdaughter’s iPod?
Christ.
Aye!
Drop the gun.
Drop the gun!
Do it!
Triny, Triny!
- Ma?
- It’s me.
We okay in there?
Yeah, she’s fine.
TRINITY:
I heard a scream.
On the floor.
Face down,
hands above your head.
Sit.
Take Triny
and Kerrianne downstairs.
What are you
going to do, Gemma?
My family has a few things
to work out with Jimmy.
That’s a mistake.
Then it’s my mistake!
Get the girls out of here!
Go on, girls, come on.
Put it down.
What the hell
are you doing?
Protecting you.
Give me the gun.
I got to kill
this son of a bitch.
Not before I kill you.
[laughs]
Mother of Christ.
You’re crazy bitches,
the lot.
Shut up!
Get out.
You come trying to fetch me
and Kerri again,
and I swear on
my Catholic God,
I’ll fill your thick
Irish skull with bullets.
Go.
Gemma, always a pleasure.
I’ll see you real soon, love.
[groans]
[gasping]
Why the hell did you stop me?
You kill Jimmy,
and his crew
would wipe out
your whole family.
Total bloody genocide.
You don’t know.
[Gemma panting]
Hey, brother.
- How you doing?
- Fine.
Welcome to
the Republic, gents.
Thanks.
Pretty country.
Aye.
Jimmy’s guys?
No, real army men
keeping tabs.
These are Jimmy’s boys.
Boys is right.
How old are they?
15, maybe.
That’s who Jimmy is recruiting?
Aye, I was there.
Where’s the guns?
Inside.
What happened back there?
The pissers were supposed
to pick up SAMCRO.
Don’t know.
Got no word from Jimmy.
Well, call him.
I want to hurry this along.
Aye.
[whistling]
These are magnificent.
Saws?
Who’s dealing these?
We don’t ask those questions.
Brilliant shit, man.
Seen a dozen trucks
hauling hay.
Just another farmer bringing
the food back to the horses.
Never been stopped yet.
OPIE:
Let’s hope we can keep
that streak going.
Once we’re loaded,
army will drive the lorry.
We ride ahead and scout.
We’ll pick up the rear,
make sure nobody flanks us.
Aye.
Where to?
It’s another barn.
It’s Hannahstown,
just outside Belfast.
Then the army takes
it over from there.
Right, come on, boys.
Let’s get some muscle.
All right.
Where’s Jimmy?
He’s on his way.
You talk to him?
Look, Jimmy never
misses a transport.
He’ll be here.
What are you doing?
I thought I cleared
your schedule.
I wasn’t the one having
the procedure yesterday.
It really was a friend.
I’m sorry I jumped
to that conclusion.
Well, you weren’t wrong.
I am pregnant.
I made an appointment
for this evening,
so I’ll need my day
cleared tomorrow.
Do you have a ride?
I’ll take a cab.
That’s ridiculous.
I can take you.
That’s okay.
I take 99 home.
It’s not that far
out of my way.
All right, thank you.
[exhaling]
[clears throat]
[indistinct chatter]
Juice.
Yo.
Keep an eye on O’Neill.
Got it.
Hap.
We should get moving.
We’re not going anywhere until
Jimmy gets here.
That’s not our call, brother.
The army sets the pace,
and they’re ready.
[phone ringing]
Where the hell is he going?
Hey, where the hell
are you going?
Got to murder a shite.
Want to watch?
Do you?
No, I’m good.
Jesus Christ.
No, no, just give me a moment.
Right, okay.
That was Mo.
Jimmy’s in Belfast.
He was looking for Fiona.
Why, what happened?
[door creaking]
It’s all right,
they’re all okay.
- Hey, hey!
- What’s this?
Hey!
[all shouting]
Hey, what are you kids doing?
♪ Come on ♪
- Hey!
- Get over here.
It’s a bloody trap!
Ram that door!
No!
Don’t you start that!
Bloody go, go, go, go, go!
Stand back!
Ram the goddamn door!
[fire crackling]
[grunting, coughing]
Son...
Are you okay?
Yeah.
♪ To protect
my crumbling faith ♪
♪ Bitter, bitter,
sweet no more ♪
♪ Nothing left worth
fighting for ♪
Paddy!
No, Paddy.
No, Paddy!
No.
Paddy, Paddy boy.
CHIBS:
Paddy boy.
This was Jimmy.
We don’t know that.
Blowing up guns,
had to be the Ulsters.
Where the hell were you?
I was taking a shite.
Your boys were watching.
The explosion was
seen for miles.
We gotta get out
of here now.
[fire crackling]
Load the wounded.
Let’s go.
Chibs, I’m sorry, man.
We gotta go.
Come on, brother.
Come on.
No!
Come on, mate.
He’s gone.
He’s gone!
Come on.
You bastards are dead!
No!
Not now.
You bastards are dead!
[Unser sighs]
What do you need?
I heard about Lumpy.
What happened?
Head injury,
internal bleeding.
It’s pretty bad.
[sighs]
Any leads?
Lump says the guy
was Mexican...
Mayan.
Jesus Christ.
I’m trying to save
Charming PD, Wayne,
but I’m running out of shit
to put in the plus column.
After this, I may not be able
to sway city council.
I need some wins.
Elliot.
Jacob.
How are you?
Oh, not so good.
Chief Unser just filled me in
on the attack at Lumpy’s.
It was the same faction that was
responsible for David’s death.
More brutal acts of violence
brought on by the men
that you bailed from jail.
[sighs]
He sure knows how
to make an exit.
Yeah.
He’s a dick.
[sighs]
Was it really
Mayan retaliation?
Doesn’t make sense.
What are you talking about?
Well, Clay assured me
that the feud between SAMCRO
and the Mayans was put to bed.
I saw him and Alvarez
shake hands at St. Thomas
two days ago.
Thank you.
[sighs]
There’s a lot
of bad blood there.
Don’t take much to
kick it back up.
You need to check out that
stretch of Liberty Street.
Every store went belly up.
Lumpy’s the only one left.
I checked with the bank.
Not one of them foreclosed.
Then who owns them?
I don’t know.
My guess?
A single developer’s
buying out that block.
And they’d have a lot to gain
by clearing out Lumpy.
[bells tolling]
You’re safe now.
No harm’s gonna come to you.
Let’s take the ladies
to the rectory.
I’ll have someone
to watch them there.
We’ll let Sean grieve.
Come on, girls.
Sorry about your friend.
So am I.
Can we talk?
Why are you doing this to us?
If you know where my grandson
is, just tell me.
I know it seems unfair.
You and your son are caught
up in a very ugly struggle,
and I am sorry for that.
But the things I do are not
just about my Irish loyalty.
They’re about keeping
promises to your family.
To my family?
John and I grew very close
while he was here.
I loved him dearly.
Guess you’re the one granted
him absolution from adultery?
No.
He struggled greatly
with his love for you.
John bailed on his family.
I watched my baby slip
into a coma while he was here
playing house
with your sister.
So don’t tell me
how he struggled.
I didn’t mean to be
dismissive of your pain.
I understand you feel...
You don’t understand shit!
Hypocrites.
All of you.
Take the prospects,
head around back.
No. You take the prospects
around back.
We’re going to the front.
I’m gonna need a little man.
20 count.
Okay. Go.
Oh, Should I be counting, like
from now, or when they left?
For Christ’s–
[grunts]
I’m good.
Shut up.
It’s empty.
No Salazar.
Shit.
[knocking]
From the County Clerk.
Group buying up the
properties on Liberty Street–
Miltona Trust.
List of investors.
Thanks.
Son of a bitch.
[keyless entry remote chirps]
What the hell
are you doing here?
Need to talk.
Get in.
Don’t ever come to
my place of business again.
Do you understand?
Oh, what’s the matter,
Mr. Hale?
You ashamed of doing
business with me?
I’m regretting it.
You were supposed
to scare Lumpy,
not beat him half to death.
I got him to sell, didn’t I?
What do you want?
Need a favor.
I got some unfinished
business with the Sons.
Need to know where I can find
Jax Teller’s old lady.
She ain’t at the house.
We checked.
I need to know
where she works.
I’m not telling
you anything.
Baby?
You ashamed of
doing business with me?
I’m regretting it.
You were supposed
to scare Lumpy,
not beat him half to death.
I got him to sell, didn’t I?
[beep]
This is blackmail.
[laughs]
Yeah. I got an app
for that, homes.
GEMMA:
How are the girls?
Yeah, they’re okay.
Safe.
Put Juice and Dunphy on ’em.
I want a patch on them
from now on.
You got it.
Talked to Oswald.
He’s got cargo leaving
Manchester day after tomorrow.
You got to get
your family out of here.
He’s right, Chibs.
Take Fi and Kerrianne,
head back to Charming.
No.
You got to protect them,
brother.
I am.
This is Kerrianne’s home.
And she does not
want to leave,
and I’m not gonna force her.
And the only way that
I can keep my baby safe
is when that bastard
O’Phelan is dead.
And I guarantee
I am gonna make that happen.
Yeah, okay, bro.
[phone ringing]
Hello.
Can you talk?
Yeah.
Um...
I ran Kellan Ashby through
every database that I could.
Now, it’s common knowledge
that he’s a friend of
the cause,
but nothing ties him.
I mean, there are no arrests,
there’s no seizures,
he’s never been interrogated.
He is a revered priest
who has turned down
three promotions
from the Vatican.
A saint.
Yeah, I’m afraid so.
I got another name for you–
Liam O’Neill.
SOA Belfast.
One of yours?
Pretty sure he and Jimmy
tried to blow us up today.
Are you all right?
Yeah, but five others are spread
out over a farm outside Dungloe.
Hey, look, I need you back
in one piece, okay, Jax?
I appreciate your concern.
Spare a fag?
It’s almost 3:00.
Why aren’t you in bed?
Not much of a sleeper.
Yeah, I get that.
[sighs]
How are you, Jackson?
I’m tired, Trinity.
Yeah.
[thud]
Damn it.
- Are you okay?
- Yeah.
Oh, my God.
I’m so sorry.
I wasn’t paying attention.
I...
Oh...
Doesn’t look like
there’s any damage.
Hey, I know you.
You’re Jax Teller’s
girl, right?
Uh, I... yeah.
Who are you?
I’m his girl.
- Whoa.
- What the hell is this?
Hey.
Brunette’s his old lady.
What about the redhead?
She an old lady, too?
I’m... I’m a doctor
at St. Thomas Hospital.
- She’s a supervisor.
- Check her ink.
[chuckling]
She’s a supervisor all right.
Come on, Teller,
we’re going for a ride.
Come on, let’s go.
Okay.
Get in there.
♪ The sweet hereafter ♪